# This is an application (Spring Boot + Angular + Android) implemented to support browsing, posting, and discussing content similar to the Reddit website. Users of the application have access to the following functionalities: </br> - user registration. The administrator is a predefined user in the system. </br> - login and logout from the system. On the login form of the system, there is a link to user registration. After successfully logging into the application, the user can log out. Without logging into the system, users can only browse posts and comments within a community. </br> - updating the list of posts. On the page of the selected community, there is a list of posts. The mandatory fields of a post are the title and text. A post can also include a tag (flair). </br> - updating comments. </br> - upvote and downvote. It is possible to rate a post positively (upvote) or negatively (downvote). Next to a post, the total karma is visible. Karma represents the difference between positive and negative ratings (upvoteCount - downvoteCount). </br> - updating communities. Any registered user can create a community and automatically becomes a moderator of that community. </br> - reporting inappropriate comments or posts. Each user has the right to report content as inappropriate. </br> - viewing the homepage. Registered and unregistered users see random posts from random communities on the homepage. Next to each post, there is a link leading to the respective community. </br> - updating the rules list. A community moderator can describe the rules of the community. The rules are accessible to users on the community's page. </br> - blocking and unblocking users. Blocking (ban) prevents a user from creating posts, making comments, or upvoting/downvoting posts or comments. </br> - updating the list of tags (flairs).
